Have you ever tasted a booger?
What is your wildest fantasy?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
You're in a public restroom and just went #2, then you realized your stall has neither toilet paper nor water. What do you do?
Who in this room would be the worst person to date? Why?
Who in this room would be worst person to kiss? Why?
Describe the strangest dream you've ever had. Did you like it?
The world ends next week and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
What's the sexiest thing about a guy/girl?
Who is your first pick for prom in this room?
What's the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
Have you ever sent someone the wrong text?What was it about?
Who do you want to make out with the most?
If you haven't had your first kiss yet, who in this room do you want to have your first kiss with?
Who here do you think is the best flirt?
Who has the best smile?
Who has the cutest nose?
How about prettiest eyes?
Who's the most annoying person in this room?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher? Who?
Have you ever shared chewing gum with anyone? Whom did you share it with?
When and where was your first kiss? Who was it with?
What was the craziest thing that has happened to you in a mall?
Describe the most embarrassing moment you faced in life.
If you could suddenly become invisible, what more naughty things you like to do?
In this room who are you most jealous of and why?
If you could be reincarnated as someone in this room, who would you want to be?
If you had to date one of your teachers, who would it be?
What's the biggest secret you've kept from your parents?
What animal most closely resembles you?
What was your absolute worst bathroom experience?
Who's the last person you cyberstalked?
What's the funniest thing you?ve done to get a crush?s attention?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What does your dream boy or girl look like?
What was the last thing you texted someone of the opposite sex?
Do you think that you and your current girlfriend or boyfriend will ever be married?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
If you had to make out with any Disney character, who would it be?
What's the weirdest food combo that you eat?
If you were famous, what would it be for?
What is the craziest dream you can remember having?
Have you ever shoplifted? If yes where, when?
What is the worst thing you have ever tasted?
Who is the biggest flirt in the room?
Who do you think in this room should get a plastic surgery?
What's something you wish you were better at?
What was your weirdest habit as a kid?
Have you ever given bad advice on purpose? Elaborate.
Rate everyone in the room from 1 to 10, with 10 being the hottest.
Speak with a fake accent for the rest of the game
Carry the person to your left around the room(1 round)
Go outside and dance like a cowboy.
Upload the most embarrassing photo of yours on Instagram.
Let someone put lipstick on your lips.
Call up your crush and declare your love for him/her.
Fill your mouth with water and try singing a song
Bark like a dog.
Go out Yell at the top of your voice-?You Suck?.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind right now.
Sing everything you say for the next 2 minutes
Spank the person sitting next to you.
Spin around ten times, when you get done, try to walk in a straight line.
Choose a person in the group and say what annoys you about them
Tell a joke until it makes everyone laugh.
Reveal to the group the number of days you have lasted without a shower.
Call 5 different people and talk to them in 5 different accents.
Show everyone your search history for the past week.
Wash off your makeup and sit with your natural beauty for the rest of the game.
Close your mouth and your nose: try to pronounce the letter 'A' for 10 seconds.
Pose like your favorite model for 2 minutes
Do catwalk on the stage
Jump on one leg for 20 seconds with both hands on your head. 
Dance Crazy 
Call your crush and explain the rules of monopoly to him
Everything you say for the next 15 minutes must be sung to the tune of "Happy Birthday".
Dance around the room singing a song chosen by the person on your right.
Say the pledge of allegiance in your most un-favorite teachers voice. 
Show everything that is in your purse.
Have the group paint your fingernails any way they want to.
Pretend to be the person on your right for 10 minutes.
Text everyone you know and say "I rock!". And don't delete it
 Run outside and shout as loud as you can, "I am the best person in the world!"
Impersonate someone in the room and people have to guess who it is.
Talk about something you regret in your life.
Allow a random player to tickle you for 30 seconds.
Pass your phone to the person to your right and allow them to put any status on one of your social media accounts.
Speak in a baby's voice for the next five things you have to say.
Act like you're drunk for the next 3 mins
Do as many sit-ups as you can in one minute
Tell everyone about a celebrity crush you have.
do the chicken dance.
 Act like a girl how do they makeup.
Shout your first crush name loudly.
Do a belly dance
 Act like a gorilla for 1 minute.
Dance like no one is watching you.
Act like a Joker for 2 minutes.
Choose anyone here and dance with him/her.
Entertain us all with your best five minute comedy act
Go out and yell at the top of your lungs, "I'm a retard!"
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyone to read, which would you choose?
Would you rather have intimate relations with someone in secret or not have that with that person but everyone thinks you did?
Would you rather not shower for a month, or eat the same meal everyday for a month?
Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
Would you rather have one real get out of jail free card or a key that opens any door?
Would you rather know the history of every object you touched or be able to talk to animals?
Would you rather have all traffic lights you approach be green or never have to stand in line again?
Would you rather give up all drinks except for water or give up eating anything that was cooked in an oven?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life with a sailboat as your home or an RV as your home?
Would you rather be the first person to explore a planet or be the inventor of a drug that cures a deadly disease?
Would you rather go back to age 5 with everything you know now or know now everything your future self will learn?
Would you rather Swim 300 meters through shit or dead bodies?
Would you rather Have a dog with a cat's personality or a cat with a dog's personality?
If you were reborn in a new life, would you rather be alive in the past or future?
Would you rather date someone you love or date someone who loves you?
Would you rather lose the ability to lie or believe everything you're told?
Would you rather be free or be totally safe?
Would you rather Eat shit that tasted like chocolate, or eat chocolate that tastes like crap?
Would you rather Look 10 years older from the neck up, or the neck down?
Would you rather Be extremely underweight or extremely overweight?
Would you rather Experience the beginning of planet earth or the end of planet earth?
Would you rather have three kids and no money, or no kids with three million dollars?
Would you rather Be the funniest person in the room or the most intelligent?
Would you rather Reverse one decision you make every day or be able to stop time for 10 seconds every day?
Would you rather Win $50,000 or let your best friend win $500,000?
Would you rather Run at 100 mph or fly at ten mph?
Would you rather Continue with your life or restart it?
Would you rather Be able to talk your way out of any situation, or punch your way out of any situation?
Would you rather Have free Wi-Fi wherever you go or have free coffee where/whenever you want?
Would you rather have seven fingers on each hand or have seven toes on each foot?
Would you rather live low life with your loved one or rich life all alone?
Would you rather Have no one to show up for your Wedding or your funeral?
Would you rather Rule the World or live in a World with absolutely no problems at all?
Would you rather go back to the past and meet your loved ones who passed away or go to the future to meet your children or grandchildren to be?
Would you rather Live the life of a king with no family or friends or live like a vagabond with your friends or family?
Would you rather know how you will die or when you will die?
Would you rather Speak all languages or be able to speak to all animals?
Would you rather get away with lying every time or always know that someone is lying?
Would you rather Leave your unemployed son homeless or pay for his drug habits and illegal activities?
Would you rather End the life a single human being or 100 cute baby animals?
Would you rather Skinny dip with your classmate or with a stranger?
Would you rather give up your love life or work life?
Would you rather live in an amusement park or a zoo?
Would you rather be a millionaire by winning the lottery or by working 100 hours a week?
Would you rather read minds or accurately predict future?
Would you rather eat only pizza for 1 year or eat no pizza for 1 year?
Would you rather visit 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?
Would you rather your only mode of transportation be a donkey or a giraffe?